The girls have arrived at Hong Kong!
HeeJin : There was so cold in the plane...
HaSeul : I just slept the whole time~
HaSeul says hi in English to global fans
HaSeul : (Malfunctioning) The girl of this month..
It's the effects of jet lag...?
HeeJin : Stupid~!
It's ViVi's foreign language
ViVi: Hello~
ViVi : We are LOOΠΔ
Her foreign is best among members
ViVi : Filming in Hong Kong~
ViVi : Please look forward to it~
HyunJin : (???) Ningmangma Nihang
HynJin : It's HyunJin's special language!
She makes some strange language...
HyunJin keeps trying to make her own word
HaSeul : It sounds like a kind of Chinese, right?
Staff 1 : Yes!
HaSeul : Right!
HeeJin : Really?
It seems a little bit similar to Chinese
HyunJin : $#&%$#^&@$^